1. Terms

    a) By using Fasthosts services, you are agreeing to be bound by these Website Terms and Conditions of Use and agree that you are responsible for the agreement with any applicable local laws. If you disagree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from accessing this site. The materials contained in this Website are protected by copyright and trade mark law.
    b) You warrant that the contact and billing information, as listed on the account signup form, is correct, complete and an accurate representation of your contact details. You also warrant that you are a valid representative of the entity or organization listed on our signup form, and are at least 18 years of age.
    c) Fasthost reserves the right to terminate your services at any time for any reason we deem fit such as (but not limited to,) illegal content being hosted without compensation.
    d) Visitors must be presented with a warning before proceeding to a page that stores their location and browser data.
    e) If we determine that our resources are being abused, Fasthost reserves the right to terminate your services without compensation (i.e. file hosting services, stress tests, etc).

2. Disclaimer

    a) All the materials on Fasthosts services are provided "as is". Fasthost makes no warranties, may it be expressed or implied, therefore negates all other warranties. Furthermore, Fasthost does not make any representations concerning the accuracy or reliability of the use of the materials on its Website or otherwise relating to such materials or any sites linked to this Website.

3. Limitations

    a) Fasthost or its suppliers will not be hold accountable for any damages that will arise with the use or inability to use the materials on Fasthosts Website, even if Fasthosts or an authorize representative of this Website has been notified, orally or written, of the possibility of such damage. Some jurisdiction does not allow limitations on implied warranties or limitations of liability for incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

4. Revisions and Errata

    a) The materials appearing on Fasthosts Website may include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Fasthosts will not promise that any of the materials in this Website are accurate, complete, or current. Fasthost may change the materials contained on its Website at any time without notice. Fasthost does not make any commitment to update the materials.

5. Lifetime Service

    a) All fees paid to Fasthost are non-refundable one-time setup fees. They are non refundable.
    b) All services provided by  Fasthost, including but not limited to Lifetime Hosting are free services. You will not be billed for these services.
    c) Your hosting account is not transferable. Transfering your hosting account may result in your account being cancelled without refund.
    d) Fasthost LLC is not responsible for services provided by third-party providers. Specifically (but not limited to,) if third-party services including hardware and networking providers cannot continue to provide us with services in a cost effective manner then we may not be able to continue providing you with lifetime hosting.
    e) In the event that Fasthost LLC cannot continue providing you with hosting for any reason, you will not be compensated in any way. There are no refunds of the set-up fee. All services rendered are free services.

6. Site Terms of Use Modifications

    a) Fasthost LLC may revise these Terms of Use for its Website at any time without prior notice. By using this Website, you are agreeing to be bound by the current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.

7. Your Privacy

    a) Please read our Privacy Policy accessible from https://rapidnodes.me/privacy

8. Governing Law
    a) Any claim related to Fasthost Website shall be governed by the laws of us without regards to its conflict of law provisions.
